# pandas-challenge
Hannah Allen Conclusions
Overall conclusion- Out of the 15 schools the average for passing math overall was 74.98%  and for those passing reading was 85.05%. However, when calculating those who passed both bath and reading, that number significantly falls to 65.17%. This is even more apparent when the data is sorted by high school. Generally, each high school had more students who passed reading and fewer students who passed math. This meant lower percentages of students who passed both math and reading across the 15 schools. This pattern is also apparent across the grade levels. Students were more likely to pass reading than pass math.
Student spending and Size- Schools that spend more money per student had fewer students who passed both Math and Reading. This could be interpreted as schools with more money per student having lower grades than schools that spend less money per student. However, because this data set does not include a time frame, this difference in money spent per student could be because students were struggling. Meaning once the school noticed lower students who passed both math and reading, they requested higher budgets for more resources. In regards to school size, there was only a 1% difference between students who passed both math and reading for schools that had fewer than 1000 students(89.88%).  and schools that had between 1000 and 2000 students(90.62%). However, for schools that had between 2000 and 5000 students the percentage of students who passed both subjects drops to 58.29%. Larger schools tend to have lower percentages of students who passed both math and reading. Additionally, schools with lower percentages of overall passing have more money per student, but it is unclear why. 
School Type- The last observation for the percent of students who overall passed is in regards to the type of school. District schools had significantly fewer students who passed both math and reading (53.67%) than charter schools (90.43%). Additionally, district schools had lower percentages of students who passed reading and students fewer students who passed math. Charter schools had higher averages and percentages of students passing. 